[common-library] Add documentation to the common library (#797)
newrelic/helm-charts: library/CHART-TEMPLATE/README.md

[![Community Plus header](https://github.com/newrelic/opensource-website/raw/master/src/images/categories/Community_Plus.png)](https://opensource.newrelic.com/oss-category/#community-plus)

# CHART-TEMPLATE

![Version: 1.0.3](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-1.0.3-informational?style=flat-square) ![Type: application](https://img.shields.io/badge/Type-application-informational?style=flat-square) ![AppVersion: 1.16.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/AppVersion-1.16.0-informational?style=flat-square)

A Helm chart for Kubernetes showing how to use/implement the common-library

## Requirements

| Repository | Name | Version |
|------------|------|---------|
| file://../common-library | common-library | 1.0.3 |

> Note that calues in this chart is not important:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the values in this chart are not important:
```

This is a example of a chart and how to used it combined with the `common-library`. Values are simply to test

> that the charts are templating correctly and to do unittest over the common-library.

Author: Fixed in [#6216d9f](https://github.com/newrelic/helm-charts/pull/797/commits/6216d9f3f09fedf3717c1b7a457a887fd8230371)
